# recruitmenttaskexact
Exact calculation of the estimated win for the proposed game was calculated based on few observations and Hypergeometric distribution:
1.	Instead of 8 boxes with different cash rewards inside, there can be 8 boxes with the same cash amount. That amount is weighted average of the initial values.
2.	The probability of drawing the “Extra Life” reward before “Game Over” one is 0.25. If the extra life is indeed obtained before game over, we can treat the game as if the extra life was never in the reward pool, but we take one game over reward out as well – so there is 8 cash rewards and 2 game overs. However, in the other 0.75 tries, if the user gets “Game over” before the extra life, the game will end – so it doesn’t matter if “Extra Life” was even in the pool, hence the game is played as if there were 8 cash rewards and 3 game overs.
3.	The probability of being able to get exactly x cash rewards in a row (exactly means that in the next pick user will choose “game over” reward) can be calculated based on hypergeometric distribution. If we take that probability, multiply by the average cash reward of one box and make a sum out of all the possible “win streaks”, we can get the estimated cash win. Facts mentioned in the 2nd point have to be taken into account – for 0.75 trials it will be 8 cash rewards and 3 games overs, for 0.25 – 8 cash rewards and 2 game overs.
4.	When user comes finally gets the “Game Over” reward, he will have 0.25 chance of getting a second chance. Even if it happens, at the end of the second game he will still choose between 5, 10 and 20$ reward – so the amount of money to be won in the last draw is always the same, and it is weighted average of the 3 values above. If the second chance is won, we should add the expected win value (only from first stage of the game, without “game over reward”) multiplied by 0.25 as it is the probability of getting the 2nd chance.
